On the boulevard called Sunset in a wood called Holly there is a town that exists named Harmon
Town is once again in session you all let's all lower our heads and raise our eyes and
welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown Dan Harmon will you workshop something with me
in my it's been in my head we were in the green room so okay so milk milk lemonade around the
corner fudge is made push the button pull the chain out come chocolate chuchu train but I don't
like the melody on the second half like it's not satisfying you're workshopping the melody yeah
yeah yeah we're combining milk I love the first milk milk milk lemonade round the corner fudge is
made fudge is made that's another first the first line is made how would you resolve something
like that melodically milk milk lemonade round the corner fudge is made push the button pull
the chain out come chocolate chuchu train okay milk milk lemonade round the corner milk milk lemonade
round the corner fudge is made push the button pull the chain out come chocolate chuchu train
alright that's great I hope you guys know that that that's about taking a shit and and peeing
and stuff I feel like just having done that 20 seconds of podcasts we've made up for last week
certainly certainly a little more mainstream accessible than the last hour or so of last
week hey man weekly podcast off the top of our head unedited take the good with the bad and fuck
off alright so let's see my garage stinks I need glasses I'd like to commit a hundred percent to
D&D tonight I'm wondering about premium gas I've been thinking about like what has the species
accomplished other than things relative to the species I'd like to know how Spencer's enjoying
being my assistant seek Donnelly's here tonight our annuals annualism surviving friend would like
to speak with us for a little bit I had an emotional memory about brown deer Wisconsin
on the 4th of July that made me sad tonight and I'd like to talk about to Spencer about possible
improvements to my pad of paper device because it must be said to the home listener that you
are not reading it's so much more efficient than reading off your phone you're reading off of the
eye Harmon yeah chest notes well listen listen to how much shit just tonight I this is one page from
tonight I used this thing while driving over here that is still illegal I'm sure it is but I mean
every everything's being humans illegal I mean that's actually more dangerous than texting because
that must take two hands to do that no no less like Aaron was driving with me you can ask her
I with this you can just around my back committed aggravated vehicular man manslaughter I'm not
gonna defend any of my behavior I just but I will tell you that this is this was safer while
driving than than texting none of which is safe you shouldn't be doing anything but drive while
you're driving and and loving all races and sexual orientations and and and invading Syria
all right just just some things to knock out Dan how do you feel about Syria you know I we got
to get in there and see what's what's going on just you know right now it's like Schrodinger's
country I mean is there are they a threat or not there's only one way to find out open the
box I don't I don't know man but but if they are Schrodinger's country and we open it up and
they're not a threat you know the witch sunk you know the old the old witch thing you know you
throw the lady in the water okay she floats she's a witch if she sank but shit they don't
think they don't sink we just drown right yeah I think I think I think if you look up drowning
in the dictionary it will say like sinking as a human you know human bodies float after they
after they drown because they fill up with gas oh boy I think I think for the part that's killing
you you're underwater otherwise otherwise you're not a witch because you sink to the bottom of
the lake no that's if you're not a witch you drown right that was the whole point of that yeah
like what I okay here's the thing that I wanted to talk to you about because you had a list I
have my favorite thing to start with but you once you fit what I want to go right into your
problem with premium gas I don't have a problem I have a question is it is it am I should I be
getting premium gas is there any is it just a scam for just rich people is it do you own or
lease your car I own it then buy premium gas it makes your engine better it's like Sesame Street
in here but you know it but more but instead of talking about the harm return audiences is asked
to fight it as Congress is about Syria right how many aren't decided on Syria and on premium gas
right now I think there's probably a stone that could kill both of those birds or a missile
yeah yeah who considers himself a sort of expert on this issue like mechanics on a gasoline
whatever about the premium gas thing that's Syria okay nobody no well do we have a Syria
okay I got a hand shooting up in the middle are you sort of a gas gas would you be willing to
come up here for just a moment okay premium gas segment this is the premium gas segment you
can grab one of those mics what's your name sir I'm Gabe Gabe all right thank you for joining us
here at the Harmontown meeting so what did you learn about premium gas so I learned that my car
takes premium gas and I have to put it in or something goes wrong with my car what kind of
car do you have I have an Acura it's an old Acura and you and really it needs premium gas so if it
says requires premium then you have to put it in if they say recommends premium then you can put a
lower octane in and it still works like the engine will adjust to it all right so I have I have a
Prius does it say it requires premium I didn't look it up it probably doesn't right no so you
don't need to put in premium all right it's like the engine is tuned for whatever octane that they
say I think the big selling point was you barely need to put in any gas it's got a big battery in
it I mean putting any gas in it you have to put in gas some yeah I mean yeah always there has to be
some gas so some in there it gets alarmed when there's not in there yeah aren't you gonna get a
Tesla at some point I look at the Tesla is like I think it's like 500 grand and there's a waiting
list I can't 60 grand 60 grand yeah there's models that there's levels of Tesla well I don't want the
Tesla coach the Tesla economy because like a little a little golf cart but it's technically a
Tesla 60 or 80 depending on how much you spend all right well so I say I have to research it more
if it's if it's under a hundred grand like I might celebrate like the no no no I'm no if it's if
it's under a hundred and yeah no I would I would I would think about it again because I've had my
I've had my car for a long time this is taking this is taking a horrible direction premium gas is
something that everyone can relate to listening to me talk about what car I want to buy next is
that's that's bad entertainment all right well thank you Gabe you want to plug your new book
it's your book I'm reading your book okay all right your book all right the game everybody
gas knowledge Gabe gas gas Dave premium premium Gabe all right boy I hit you with a tornado of
topics and you just latched onto the worst like the most mundane it's funny when you get attached
to the mundane because you live in a rarefied realm of craziness that when you get bogged down
with you know plumbing or that your gas that's funny here's the thing I'd like to talk to you
about and I'd like to workshop this idea with you can we talk about the fact that backstage
right before we came on and we don't talk about a lot before the show starts Dan was singing the
milk milk lemonade yeah and he said Jeff what is the chain what was your question there what's
the button what's the button the push the button pull the chain I know the chains your dick someone
else asked what the chain is yeah Spencer asked what the belly button is your button and Spencer said
what's the chain is your dick right now I think Aaron said what's the chain oh yeah maybe it's
Spencer Spencer I thought that I thought the button might have been a nipple but then when you
said it was your belly button that made more sense because that might make me poop pushing pushing the
belly button and then pulling my dick like because that's never happened before whereas lots of
people have touched my nipple with it you prefer to your penis as a little purple choo choo train
before oh yeah well all aboard I'm not all one at one at a time no I want to talk to you Jeff
about okay so you know okay so I was in bed today all day with my lover Erin McGathy like not
doing anything sexy or anything like doing something that we love to do which is sit and
watch movies and eat pizza that might embarrass her because she would rather you think that we
were sitting in bed lifting weights or something but or making love well she would probably love
for you to think that too yeah I've been I don't need you to have that mental image I'd rather you
see me like like sitting in bed with one of those like back pillow I was watching you guys eat
pizza in bed fuck yeah yeah it's the best relationship ever and love that is something
I've never done I've never had a pizza a while in bed oh man I've never eaten a pizza supine
before welcome welcome to every Sunday hit at Dan adieu yeah we just we see we wake up and then
we roll over and grab the remote and there's a there's a flat panel on the wall and then you
just like go to the Apple TV I mean this is just unrepentant and do you grab hub who gets out of
she gets she she grubs the hub yeah the grub 24 the she who gets out of bed to actually get the
pizza from the front door or just the grub hub gentlemen come in and get in bed with you there's
an extra pillow for him and he has to watch die hard too with you whoever whoever's got pajama
bottoms on at the time there's a negotiation you know people get each other water aspirin things
so anyway so Aaron gets it so no I usually I usually do the hunting and gathering thank you
the I was thinking neither hunting nor gathering it's all relative to a sedentary lifestyle like
that is the most hunting and gathering that's gonna get done this way I'm surprised you even
have the energy and the fortitude to put your little eye harmin around your neck in the morning
and I like that to me seems like a physical exertion for you yeah it's not easy so I was
getting out of bed today to come to do the show yes that's how long we we stayed in bed we had a
perfect Sunday we watched some Ryan Gosling crap and ate some pizza and there is no such thing as
Ryan Gosling crap so some movie about him where he says very little has lazy eyes and drives a
vehicle to to moody needle drops and I just described for Ryan Gosling that's that's the only
three I've seen yeah I could narrow it down by tattoos I could go like oh it's the one where
the hamburgers on his bicep so but I could not narrow it down by saying it's the one that
dissolves to like synth music as he proceeds to down an autumn an autumn leaf festooned
country highway that's that that's you still got three movies to guess from that all right
shut up getting getting out of bed to come to the show I was I was overcome with the sensation
that I'm sure we've all had which is that I would rather stay in bed not no offense to these
people or the show like I'm glad I'm here now because I get to talk about this but I was thinking
on the drive here and wrote down in my pad while going 40 miles an hour down sunset that like okay
so and please workshop this with me I'm not presenting this as a thing that I know is gonna
work and I don't want I don't want all your little hole pokers coming out and poking holes in this I
want you to build something with me it's called brainstorming it's called yes and work on this
with me it's not it's not gonna sound foolproof immediately it's not gonna it's gonna gonna
nestle perfectly within our our society but it might be something build society around so do you
know how the Amish have that what do they call it ramen sprung and things yes you know Google it
I'm sure you know they they're they're Amish and then like on there you know when they become
adolescent Amish people and then the Amish Hive says to them like go go be not Amish for summer
it doesn't matter I don't care but they have it today I'm not saying that I don't know anything
about it I don't care I just know that they go off and they be not Amish for a while it's their
chance to decide whether they want to come back into the fold did you become Amish in the drive
here just thinking about that in relation to my bed experience where I don't I didn't I wanted to
I wanted to stay in bed so so I don't know like working title bed bed sprung in okay it's like I'm
riffing here like help me workshop it I don't I'm just bad pitch and let's build on this once a month
the the the the worker at Harmontown they're the average citizen whoever you are there's no
hierarchies the person a Harmontown citizen you you're in bed and you you have to stay in bed
until you can't stand being in bed anymore that's it that's called depression staying in bed is
called depression getting out of bed is called enthusiasm that's called recovery yeah and it's
good yes it's it's also called rebirth and recalibration of your of your mind and spirit like
you're going I'm getting out of bed for a reason and so I'm always how we all are always getting
out of bed against our most fervent wishes usually how many how often are you leaping out of bed
for me when it rains when it's raining outside I love I can't wait to be out in the rain my
girlfriend hates the rain because she's Scottish we have like we're totally different she'd rather
never go outside when it rains for me I've heard pitterpats of rain I must be outside yeah okay
I said I'm saying there are instances when it's good to be out of bed yeah yeah yeah I was just
proposing this idea Jeff that people have to stay in bed why don't we why don't they realize
that they want to get out of bed why don't you it would be when it started to rain why don't
you make community so successful that we can build a bedroom big enough that we could do
Harmontown in your bedroom each audience member could have a bed now you're talking about a cult
but yeah well you know the difference between a cult and a society is you know longevity
solvency success you know talk to you about a 200 year old cult called America that worked out
just fine until recently all right so I mean obviously you're not gonna help me work make
that idea work and we'll get back to us in 200 years what are we gonna do for Halloween look last
year we all dressed up as Jareth from labyrinth I spent a lot of money on that costume I'm coming
as Jareth again all right I mean unless look Halloween is one of those three four day long
like experiences where you can dress up as a cowboy one night and a sexy fireman the other night
and then like and then we can all dress up as whatever but I'm one of those nights I'm fucking
Jareth again don't you think it's nice when we all at Harmontown dress as something all
David Bowie different Bowie like a different what's your pitch my pitch my pitch is all
Spencer's I don't like that because you said that in front of Spencer Spencer didn't look
pleased about that here's some other things Spencer doesn't look pleased when you say
Spencer is not just pleased by everything Spencer doesn't need a bunch of people to come in at
Beards and lumberjack shirts and shorts I'm not doing it for him I know that's why it's a bad idea
so we should not do things that one person is gonna be upset dressing like a person that is not
a an actual iconic figure if we leave here if we leave the sexy confines of meltdown and we go
out to a bar afterwards we're dressed as Spencer we just look like like people in bad Beards and
ponytails and then that doesn't doesn't resonate anymore and my concern is that two things one
Spencer doesn't like the fact that we're all either paying tribute or mocking him in some way
and the second thing we go somewhere else and we look homeless I mean that's kind of a yeah
pretty like one-two backhanded kidney punch the quality of Spencer's beard you cannot get at a
beard store there's no such thing as a place you're gonna get as a shitty fucking Hollywood
Boulevard Hammurabi looking shitty beard and you cannot get a wig as sexy as his long metal hair
that he's neatly confined into a into a mysterious ponytail then you got to get the right glasses and
then nobody really has this build and so like what it's just gonna look like bad mimicry which I
think doesn't do anybody any service all right so your pitch is just to do Jareth again no no I'm
saying I'd be ever paying something else I don't think we should we should all mimic one of our
friends that wouldn't resonate to the rest of the world also hard to look like Spencer you have a
fucking like you're closer because you already have kind of a beard and like you don't have a
Spencer beard but you what's the end game with the rest of the world we're gonna you like the idea
of going to a bar and having everyone go why are you all Mickey Mouse and we go weird because
we're friends let's say we're gonna be here we're gonna be here for two hours then we're gonna
probably want to go somewhere else and we're gonna have to explain everybody oh we're that guy
and he's gonna go hmm I don't care that happened who knows man the whole night is gonna be on him
to deal with why we all dressed like him it's gonna I think would be embarrassing for Spencer
okay so what is it about Spencer is it about the reaction of the bartender first and foremost or
is it about accuracy of costume or is it because you think Spencer looks homeless no those are
those have been thrown out I'm picturing my best attempt at looking like Spencer and I'm gonna
look like a shitty Spencer and that's not gonna nobody wins at that point all right first and
foremost I think Spencer is the concern and then not because he gives a shit but I think that
that's a burden okay all right this has been great the the it's automatically entertaining for
was one person suggest something the other person says no like it's a this is a half hour of this
so far I think it's a bad idea okay all right and tell me why you think it's a good idea I think
it's a good idea because I'll take 10 what I don't what are you doing right now what are you
I'm joking you're what I mean what I'm what I'm suggesting to you is that you're absolutely no value
add to you explaining why something shouldn't be done and you also didn't have a very good first
pitch which was the idea of recycling your expensive Halloween that was also a joke I'm
out of laziness I would do that but let's think of another one I don't I you don't get a second
motion from for the Spencer thing from me I mean does anybody else that I want everyone do we all
want to come and spend no no no we're moving on all right that's 15 minutes of someone saying no
to somebody about something it's that's the long enough I got another hour and a half of me all
right my garage smells like mildew and we'll save that for next week let's put let's put that down
on the road I'm gonna ask for some volunteers we're gonna go in there and clean it up that's
I think I may need glasses I had to skip an optometry appointment I'm 40 years old I think
it's just come become that time for me to have glasses I'm afraid I don't know I was looking at
the billboards coming in here I can't tell a Vince Vaughn from a grand theft auto character
anymore you are holding your eye harm in closer and closer yeah yeah it's a thing I don't know
yeah so we got which is a new segment new segment tonight tell me what kind of music
theme you think you want something downbeat funky old school something do you have something
provincial so I can find out what that word means when I hear it I'll pick a province and
I'll go with it this segment is called Erin McGathy asks questions about the grand theft
auto 5 billboard
so we were driving down sunset and you saw a big a big billboard for grand theft auto 5
which is coming out this month yeah and you had some questions about the about it about the
billboard yeah who is that guy he's just a guy that you can play in grand theft auto 5 I'm
assuming okay is he a special guy because he's just wearing a polo shirt he's just a guy he's
one he's a guy that you'll be able to play in grand theft auto 5 he's not currently famous
within the grand theft auto universe so then why is he on the advertisement why am I driving down
the street and I see a giant guy because Christian Bale isn't in the game and it's just a they're
just in the grand theft auto 5 audience is built in and so they're just reminding you oh this huge
video game is coming out with a new release and here's our stylistic kind of is he supposed to
be a real person I'm really distracted by Tyler raising his hands we're actually just repeating
our conversation from before yeah this is yeah I mean there's no I don't know what you you know
you just want to raise your hand now they're doing their conversation again full boy you guys are the worst
I wish the segment is the best day of my life Aaron's Aaron's questions about the grand theft
auto billboard yeah and just to let you guys behind the curtain a little bit we have this
conversation so that's the bit okay so all right but it's not a not that I ever stopped it with
this is the best conversation of the world we should have it again I just wanted you to ask
your questions okay okay so here are my real questions um so okay sorry now I'm in my head
um but these I'm gonna think about the actual way that I feel about this billboard so he's
just holding a bunch of money it's grand theft auto 5 right yeah I don't know why I said it said it
that way grand theft auto 5 um it's grand theft auto 5 so when it why is there not like a special
character on the billboard why is the billboard just like my dentist he's a guy that likes to
steal cars put your hand down Tyler it doesn't don't you understand the question her the answers
don't matter no they're not they're not rhetorical but the answers don't matter this is what she
doesn't understand is that grand theft auto 5 could put a fucking turd on a billboard and say
remember to buy grand theft auto 5 and I keep explaining that to her it doesn't matter like
when the Batman 9 movie comes out they're not gonna they don't they don't go like all right make
sure that we show Batman doing something awesome but he's definitely like in a shadow or he's at
least wearing his bat outfit just to let you know that there's a Batman movie that's all they care
about okay so Tyler this is a real question about grand theft auto um so that man in the
polo he's a man we know but he's not he's he's not a man we know okay exactly so he's just a
man wearing a polo shirt okay so so so Laura's Lauren someone just called her racist for saying
that he looks like all the characters in the game okay so is the idea that it's like oh yeah
they're back at it again we have a white man in a polo shirt yeah my favorite video game company
is making my favorite video game again yeah it's like like yeah it's like a guy just any guy like
it might have been a woman in a bikini like well what I was saying earlier is like you like I would
all I mean even though it's it's it's so misogynist I was like where are the girls and the with the
giant crazy pumpkin breasts like why why is it just this man and this polo shirt holding a bunch of
cash I've never played the game but from what I know they're probably being raped by a car right
yeah exactly so which is why people play that game right or no I know that's not why you play
the game by the way you guys are I feel like you guys are being really mean or weird or not not
mean not mean I mean all right look look there's only one way to resolve this I feel silly about
this now we have to have a new segment called Tyler's answers about Grand Theft Auto he's
gonna he's going to explode okay well then I and I have actual questions I have actual questions
okay so in every Grand Theft Auto game is it always just it's just a generic looking man with
a polo shirt there's a new protagonist in every game and that's not what I asked in the other games
like is it is it just always men and polos no okay what are the men what are the heroes usually
in Grant in the previous one it was a guy from the Eastern block his name was Nico okay he kind
of played an immigrant you were new to America he was in New York he was kind of trying to leave
his old life behind but it caught up with him and he did that again so is the pure purpose of
the bulbar to be like we're back to a white guy like honestly don't know the purpose of back to
what are they pulling back from like a special there's three guys in the new game there's dude
in polo shirt there's a dude coming out of the hood trying to leave the old hood mentality behind
crazy guy who is kind of a psychopath there's the three things and they're like let's all get
together and do heists that's the that's the point behind the new one do you how do they know each
other I don't know what I'm playing the game you seem to know a lot about this from the marketing
material they Aaron are you asking these questions because you want to get into Grand Theft Auto
is this anything or are you just you're pretty I mean I'm pretty sure Grand Theft Auto would
make me cry it's really it's I know I don't want to get it's not that bad well I mean I don't like
fevery okay well that is a big part of the grand theft auto-games yes stealing I respect other people's property you know like
I don't like running over people well I mean with each new release there are more and more non-criminal
elements you could focus on you can go to a bowling alley that's what I was asking before like him
just holding the cash if I didn't know what it was I'd be like oh this guy just got back from the
bank oh man he's going to apply for his mother's loan what you seriously you're like you look at the
billboard like oh man that guy went to chase and withdrew $2,000 you know what is he doing is he buying
a pool not seriously what not literally I'm just literally the way that it so okay so more more
questions have there ever been has there ever been like a and I'm not saying this defensively
but has there ever been a female like marauder there has never been a female protagonist in a
grand theft auto or any game by the people who made that game no okay okay um so so these polo
people no they actually had actual polo players where there was like guys that were like playing
games to the one that came out where we had the guy in New York they were kind of time pieces so
like you had one that was set in the 80s and one that was set in the 90s so they were kind of
different characters now they've kind of gone like genre you totally there were genre pieces like
this is an 80s film but there's never gonna be one in 19th century England picture good Jane
Austin you're not on the agenda why don't you step outside and let me take this guy if you
guys play great grand theft handsome cab yeah so is the idea do you think the idea of the game is
that the these men are normal men because you're like oh I could be I could I could be the thief
maybe what's the word I'm looking for it but the car stealers their word for that criminal thief well
I didn't know if there was like burglar or I don't know whatever dumb question I think as I think as
technology increases and these computer systems have more memory and hard drive space and the
chips are faster blah blah blah the more they allow for simulation of reality the easiest
way to celebrate that newfound power is to sort of deconstruct not so much reality like I which I
think that violent video games are mistaken for like oh let's let's take reality and do horrible
violent fantasies with them I think it's more deconstruction of what you've previously been
able to do within video games like I grew up on pole position where you just like if you go off
the road your car turns into eight more pixels and you're told that you you lost and so the
exhilarating power of being able to hit the F key and get out of your car run over to another one
hit the F key again at which point your character opens that guy's car door pulls him out punches him
in the face throws him away and gets in that car that's like it's not so much like I always wished
I could do that it's like I always I was I'm so glad this video game is allowing me to see more of
the world and I gotta say I'm not trying to score points here but I have a I like I am very
handicapped in these games by my absolute like I have a very difficult time crossing the threshold
rate where like people are being victimized like like even though they're kind of like randomly
generated like people thanks baby there's always comes a point when you do cross that
threshold on accident like you've just sort of someone gets in the way and you hit him with a
bat and then and then you're like oh I'm fine and then it starts to become it's like by the time
you're done playing those games you're kind of like exploring every horrible masochistic I don't
have flashbacks when I play Grand Theft Auto like oh man I shouldn't have clubbed that hooker I don't
know if there's not anything more pressing we got other segments to cover is that okay yeah you
think you got it under control now any other really pressing questions about the billboard
nothing Aaron are you just like is there a concern in your mind that you're gonna lose
Dan to this game that you don't understand like like no no that won't happen I can't I can't go
near this thing until December then we're going to Scotland I can't I'm not gonna I'm gonna miss
out on Grand Theft Auto 5 it'll be there when you get back down you know you could I'll dress up
like like a lady of the night I'll make you a little card can I give you can I give you five
five weird catchphrases to just say what are the catch what are the catchphrases looking good sugar
what's happening that boy be trippin hey hey you want a party and stop stealing that car for a
short time I was a for a summer in LA I was a tutor for kids in the eighth grade who are wanting
to get into private high schools and English tutor and the kid that I was that I was tutoring
or supposed to tutor he got to have like a video game break and would just go and play Grand Theft
Auto and just drive over people and he was a really shitty shitty shitty kid and that sounds
like a one-to-one correlation you're like oh if you're driving over kids and grab that thought it
wasn't his fault that he was a shitty kid his he his his dad owned Jeopardy and a million other
things he lives in and I was griffin what you tutor Ted Griffin Damian Griffin that's a weird
correlation I'm not has nothing to do with Jeopardy I'm just saying that he comes from a family with
a bazillion dollars and his parents don't pay attention to him he has a personal chef and
someone who teaches him and history is any teacher being born rich will make you shittier
before video games do that's for sure nothing to do with rich people for a long time and a healthy
history shitty people and then video games just came along recently it's just something for shitty
people to do along with good people Grand Theft Auto he'd be raping a lot of people he'd also already
bet there's nothing to do with video games he he was sad because his parents wouldn't hug him and
they lived in the same house but wouldn't come to his wing of the house that's how crazy you
said Mervyn Linda Griffin would not it all started when when he finally got tired of his Richard
Pryor in a plastic ball he did literally what does anyone know the name of that Japanese artist who
would make those big sculptures of like plush sculptures and sometimes it would be like a man
coming on himself or like sometimes it would be what I expected a lot of people but I don't know
how common you think your Google alerts are anyway but anyway it doesn't matter what I'm saying is
there's this fine artist that was in town he had a giant sculpture by this artist in his room he just
had a lot of money and he was so sad because his parents literally would not speak to him and he
became like such a shitty sad kid they would only they would only let him talk in the form of a
question oh sorry why don't you love me what is I have to make poopies when I say when I say owned
jeopardy I mean owned the company that owns jeopardy and whatever the more specific you get the
more we have to delete out of this brother we make it unless we have to cut out of the show the
point is that this is not a comment on Grand Theft Auto at all I don't think it's I don't think that
makes people bad and all that he would he would play it just to run over people like in his head
I would sit next to him and try to play it with him and be like oh let's let's get on it let's play
there's a mission let's do a mission but he was like I'm playing I'm doing it and would just drive
over like in his mind he's like hey mom I'm gonna well his mom wasn't there he was at a picture of
his mom he would say I'm gonna I'm gonna go play my video games now I'm just what's been hours
if you hit ctrl f or ff like up up down down your character can put on a musical show
grand fame theft automatic you just get jump out of the car and there's a plastic bucket you
start doing like a stomp thing and you have to build your way up to grand stage attention
let's let's thank Erin McGathy and Tyler Durden I don't know what your last name is
Tyler give him thank you Tyler Tyler hand hand in raisin he's a so excited that someone
asking questions a girl no less about Grand Theft Auto it wasn't I don't know I was just
entertained by her questions like I was just like she doesn't it I'm 40 years old and I'm
still feeling like a 13 year old boy going like you just don't get it like I was like it doesn't
matter I don't care who that guy is she was there like I didn't even look at the guy's face
they're just seeing like Grand Theft Auto 5 and I'm like anyways all right well let's
we have our old friend seek is here is are you here seek okay can you can you make it up
are you are you are you feeling the strength seek is sporting the the latest in feral audio
fashion from feral audio calm a place where you can go and make donations to support feral
audios network which provides you with all kinds of shit I am told statistically that
if everyone in our audience not this audience but our our podcast audience went there and
donated $5 that we'd be we'd be able to make a podcast for four years I don't know where
he got that statistic this one doesn't cost me anything I don't know he must be tired
maybe Chelsea Peretti like maybe she maybe she there's overhead there maybe she maybe
she needs like like money I don't know I think it has to do with Dustin you know like not
starving to death well he record well he records and edits everyone's podcast and the people
that do the the website stuff so anyways nice t-shirt how you doing seek I'm doing good
how are you good how's everyone here you sound all right yeah so what you you specifically
requested to come up tonight you wanted to pay us a visit yeah actually well I've been
feeling good lately so I wanted to come up when I had more energy than I did last time
I came up but I kind of wanted to ask a question of the audience all right who the fuck do
you think you are and then he just throws down the mic and flies through the roof
holy shit he was a superhero the whole time we were warned over and over again you fucking
people treat me like shit I could bend Jupiter with my mind goodbye and then you just hear
him as his voice trails off into the transfer he goes code seven to proceed with the demolition
then the last thing we remember is the or the ground turning orange all right sorry what
were you you had me what was the question what if you actually actually just stole his
actual thunder there I was gonna do all of that yeah he's gonna wait he's gonna wait
one more week I'll come back sevens off my own special way I'm a savior of humanity no
I've as some of you been seeing on Twitter I spent the last six weeks although I will
admit I cheated and started before I was on the last episode but I've been drawing people
from Harmontown as a Mega Man characters yeah I saw some of which is my favorite video game
you know take that Grand Theft Auto and yeah and and it's one of the few like really vivid
childhood memories I have not very not not the visuals of it but just I remember always
being obsessed about it I think to the point where one day my mom my mom raised me and
my brother by herself and she went on a date one night and then she came home at two in
the morning and my brother was asleep and I turned my entire room into a level from
Mega Man and she she was mad and my brother was asleep and I'm like jumping on the beds
like shooting like at things at the wall that aren't moving what turning your room into
any level from any video game and entail some tidiness like I miss Mega Man I'm a little
older than you it's like it's like Mario it's like side scroll and I guess so yeah there's
just blocks floating in my room you made your room two-dimensional yes that's against a
lot of building codes yeah so we didn't get the deposit back on the apartment but so I've
been drawing people like and I didn't want to just draw you guys like I drew because
this show is you guys have all kind of whether you know it or not have kind of become like
an extended family of mine and so I wanted to draw some of you too so I drew NT and
Adam Goldberg and then I drew some of your guests I drew Dustin obviously and I spent
a lot of times had two nosebleeds and one blackout no seizures but I spent about seven
weeks drawing all of these so I guess I was just curious if people were interested I was
thinking about making prints and I ran the idea by Dan maybe make a very limited number
of the prints and we could sell them here like before a show one night I don't know maybe
two nosebleeds that's why if you look on Twitter I tweeted the original pictures and then
later you see them on completely different paper and it's because I had it I had to use
a lightbox to redraw it because I bled on the previous I mean that's not because of
the art right like it's because it's the amount of it takes to create something visual for
me it takes a lot Adam well Jesus God I mean well that's I mean thank you I'm not saying
I would normally bleed for Harmontown I'm just it just happened I wasn't expecting it
it just happened what so what so what do we what do I have to pull the trigger on how
do we get how do we you wanted to come and talk about the stuff and announce it I mean
I'm not I'm never sure because I got my head up my own ass what do I I see I see tweets
from you and emails and stuff the answer is yes whatever you want to do do you want to
you want to sell these things on the Harmontown yeah I figured that we would maybe do
a batch for the group here and then you know and then and then like maybe just make like
I don't know I don't know what a good number is maybe 30 or 50 or 100 and then anything
we have left over after we sell to anyone here we can put on the Harmontown store if
you want yeah I do can we give the money to the aneurysm foundation or we can I mean I
really need it if you needed this as good I mean I do but I I mean I'd rather my my
mission my my self-given mission in life is to help them out so you know so I would I
mean I originally I wanted to give it to fair audio but you guys were like this screw that
I was like well I'll buy a shirt then just I can drink a couple as Red Bulls next month
we can cut corners in our little smoking room but we could do the yeah absolutely whatever
yeah we could do that all right well whatever yeah we'll figure it out but but so I well
how have you been like what's the I mean I think that's the thing that's foremost on
my mind like when is the last time you had a like a report of your condition it's just
like you have this mysterious condition with an indefinite prognosis and I just like like
what what what is what's going on when you talk to the doctors when what do you know
about well I mean we just I go in I do tests probably every week mostly but some of the
tests are physical so sometimes they'll just have me run on a treadmill and see how long
I can last and then sometimes it's blood work and sometimes it's CT scans or MRIs is there
water at the behind the treadmill yeah they're not getting an accurate result like a pull
of sharks behind no yeah they're not I mean what so when what are they telling you anything
are they just like right now it's I mean they usually tell me things when it gets bad but
right now I mean I'm just on a monitored system so they just they're like it like we said
last time because I'm experiencing things differently than most they're they just keep
a close eye on me but because any anything can turn in my head at the last minute they
just have to constantly keep an eye on me so that's so there's really no news is always
good news for me yeah so so it's also the weirdest news in the world because it's like
this coin flipping up in the air perpetually yeah it's like two faces just living in my
head the weird thing is it's a metaphor I like obviously that's that's that is all of
our condition well of course like yeah yeah well no one tomorrow's not promised anybody
yeah you just that's why I deal with it really well because I'm like oh you know so and so
some could happen to them tomorrow yeah you know so it's it's not but it's like frustrating
to it's like like somebody say something somebody in a weight lab coach say something definitive
anything they're probably wrong nine nine out of ten times anyway but someone what is
what is it as it's like a weird Schrodinger's I mean it does but I I'd ever open the box
I don't want to know like it's better not to know I think for me anyway because I have
so much I'm trying to just live a normal life now so I put that first so I want to make
sure I if I wake up in the morning that's step one I'm like all right cool I'm here
so now what do I got to do I'm like okay so now I get a new job so that's been like that's
why my head's been hurting a lot lately because the kind of the stress of it but I'm adapting
now so so things have kind of cooled off so it's I saw that we were talking about on
the subreddit the Harmontown subreddit you're active in there and I remember seeing you
saying something about how you probably shouldn't be one of the hundred to go to the moon because
for all you know what's happening is hereditary and yeah you could have 99 you know like next
week you know the week after we move but we can make it 101 and I also saw the if you
could be like a minister of fear of death for it for other people I could go to when
I go I need glasses tell me tell me that that's not a big deal the but more importantly we
toyed around so I saw being toyed around the concept of you being the person that chooses
the 100 which I would be fine with I think you would choose better than me well yeah
I mean I look at it's how I approach everything art writing like I look at things of who like
I don't know I feel like that position should be someone that doesn't have an ultimate stake
in it exactly so I thought oh someone who doesn't get to go to the moon colony should
be the one to pick the 100 right and I don't want to go by choice I want it to be a better
society and I feel like a better society wouldn't have wouldn't have to wouldn't look at me
as a burden you know like that's what I that's why I moved back here to LA because when I
was back home with my mom and recovering I think that's all she saw when she looked at
me because there's a lot for her to process you know like that that I was mentally gone
you know that she was like oh my son doesn't remember things anymore so he's a he's there's
a part of them that's not my son anymore so I don't ever want to be a burden to anyone
so I think that's why ultimately I was like oh I'll help pick the 100 and then and then
I'll stay here and you guys are gonna need stuff constantly so I figured that'd be good
for me to be here at the teleporter you know guarding it and making sure supplies are still
getting to you because I feel like once you go up there with your hundred there's gonna
be a lot of disgruntled people down here going why didn't you choose me and they're gonna
want to cut you off and I feel like to seek about your problems exactly I feel like few
people will come up to me and go yeah here's some extra you know flower or whatever send
that to the but I think we could build a seek mannequin and have him down there in that
window that says back for lunch and you could we could smuggle you up to the moon I think
I'll visit I would like to visit my favorite comic book is a bunch of characters that live
on the moon they're called the inhumans so so yeah I love I'm fascinated the first image
I saw when I would get out of the hospital was or when I was conscious of the hospital
was the moon because I woke up at night and I got to see this beautiful thing in the sky
so I I was been drawn to this show because of these little things I feel like a such
an amazing mythical thing the moon and I was like yeah it's been you're looking at you're
looking at the only thing that we looked at before we were even human yeah like it's
built into our you know insects like the reason we've talked about that before like the reason
moths go around sports like this because they're they're instinctively they evolved with the
moon in the sky and they use it as a navigator they keep it on their left side to fly in
a straight line and they get fucked by porch lights and campfires because they think that's
a moon and they like spiral to their death but what for us whether the creators of mythology
was this silver disc in the sky that changes shape it is always up there it is like synonymous
in mythology with femininity the egg that the sperm strive for this this giant radiant
thing up there this this cooling thing that has power over the tide this this monthly
lunar like cycle it's like the most beautiful like fuck the sun it's garbage the sun will
die one day the moon is infinite the sun is murdering us every morning it comes up tries
to kill us for 12 hours and goes back to sleep when the sun dies we go first I mean I'm not
saying the sun ain't got no power I'm just saying I refuse to negotiate with terrorists
I know I know it's I know it's got its hand on the trigger but it's like fuck you spit
your face like you know like we have this you know like whatever you think about President
Obama I'm neither here nor there I don't like give a shit but like like he's in this pickle
about Syria I don't know why he thinks that we should go do this I think he's I think
he was lied to I think we're being lied to about I think it's all a bunch of baloney
I think it's a bigger weirder task in hand that's my theory the pope the pope is on that
case too is there a pope said something I was just browsing around and I just see the headlines
like I'm really out of the loop about the Syria thing but I read a headline that said
like the pope the pope raises the question is Syria happening so that we can sell weapons
is that what's going on really okay I mean yeah he's making a better case for Catholicism
than any pope ever because he likes like queers and stuff he's awesome or kind of he kind
of does I mean as much as a pope I think he probably like deep down does but he knows
what he can and can't say but has there been an apology from the the thing that the Catholic
Church needs to do is there needs to be an acknowledgement and apology about about all
of the covering of the you know the shenanigans that's a real thing that actually needs to
happen is that has that happened I really don't know I know that they can't I mean
yeah I'm sure they feel terrible about it some of them yeah it's not the thought that counts
in this particular case by the time this podcast drops and tomorrow maybe not that President
Obama will be on every today show and morning news show making a case for some strange ass
shit that just seems really like like a lot of malarkey no one knows what the what the
you know the the logic behind this JFK like we like he said let's go to the fucking moon
and let's do it in 10 years and I'll be dead when that happens I'll be dead a couple years
by the time that goes down you know he did he actually did know that that's why he said
it because he was awesome but they built the biggest machine humans are likely to ever
make and they went to the moon and that's badass they lived in a magical crazy time and our
president we have to go do it like I drew a red line we're gonna do it a tactical straggle
limited boots in the grounds and it's like it's like boo fucking let's go to Mars let's
just fucking let's just some cool human shit yeah the only thing that I yeah the only thing
that I know about it is or think about it is like what I read a long time ago and I might
read my little Chomsky book which is just about you know it's like it just feels like we we America
was this kind of brutal capitalistic genius before we went into World War two and we had
this 50 year plan that we are now exiting we have now exited and we are we're trying to
figure out a new 50 year plan like America was whether you love it or hate it like we
were good if you're gonna be proud of something be proud of how we fucking like we we made this
decision that we were the Han Solo of the planet that we were I got no love for the empire but
you know and it wouldn't make a book kind of like we were we hung back and we didn't believe in the
force and we kept our blaster at our side and we we had our the Atlantic Ocean between us and
any trouble and we just like we we just wanted to know what's in it for us and then we had this
50 year thing that started with our involvement in World War two that turned out fine and dandy
for us and and and now we're living in the past the finish line of all that and I think
you know like we're there were there people were allowed to be more brutal back then they were
allowed to be more secretive they were allowed to you know there were there was a what a quarter
of the population back then at least half like like less people plain and simple half as many
problems and half as many ways to fuck up and but it was like now we're the you know Generation X
is 40 and and the millennials are going what are we doing and they have like like all of this
communication with each other and it's just you can't just have a buzz cut and sit at your barbecue
in the front yard and go let's get them Ruskies like it does it that works so well and we don't
know how to get that back and we're trying really hard to get that business model operating by you
know it's like okay it's like the Nielsen system going like now you're watching this like this
this Obama versus Putin shit like I'm not political I don't care about politics I'm not I'm not like
like you know Greg Brooks or someone that reads the papers all the time like it's like it seems
like we're just trying to really disingenuously trying to create a cold war again where you know
like that we hate the Russians again like like nobody fucking cares about us anymore and nobody
cares about Russia like it's so it's so I feel so bad for everybody and like like I feel like a CNN
I feel like if Wolf if Wolf Blitzer because they get so fucking excited about war whenever there's
a prospect of any kind of conflict I feel like Wolf Blitzer personally owned a boat and some
missiles Syria would Damascus will be done already like he would have fucking gone over
himself and done it he'd be plugging one ear with his beautiful hair whipping in the wind
I'm off the coast of Damascus right now and boy it's lit up like 4th of July also we're Wolf Blitzer
I fucking he is he's not smart he's not he he seems kind of half retarded the guy I I'm talking loud
and I don't know about juji juju but bb like who fucking vetted this cock he's like well who vetted
him fucking like why first of all Wolf Blitzer no stupid name wait isn't there a name there's a
chick on cncs and be seen in crystal ball her name is crystal ball and she's a fucking journalist
which is awesome because let's let's let's just call it a spade a spade like really like we gave
up a long time ago but Wolf Blitzer needs to fucking stop talking because he's a fucking douchey
douchey mccockadoodle douchebag well I don't even yeah it's gotten so bare bones that it's I don't
even think it's treasonous anymore to say that the curtain has dropped on the concept of state
run television you're just looking at people it's almost like if there was a war that networks would
make more money because we were watching more television watching it and it seems like a lot
of the networks are owned by companies that make weapons they're like we're kicking that cynical
about it but you don't have to be that cynical we're how you doing by the way seek
what's your Syria plan um well we're going to the moon so we don't have to worry about Syria
we're not gonna go to the moon before we know where the serious shit goes no probably somebody
somebody was somebody yelled at me on reddit for having this kind of like like we're we're abandoning
the world or we needed down here and all that stuff I mean it I don't know because the way I
look at it is what I think what the world lacks the most of is pioneers and and that's why I put
that dedication at the beginning of soul star right when you open up it's as dedicated to all
pioneers and that's actually from an anime that I really love called macros plus which is about
man that has past earth they're they're they're out there we're out in the universe we're doing
other things we're we're creating machines and life on other planets and uh and I just see like
right now we have pioneers in technology like they're making the newest phone and they're making
the newest thing we can consume but they're not taking us places they're not expanding us they're
not evolving us really and that was one of my that's on my list did you hear me earlier I said
what what has the species done I don't want I'm not asking this in a cynical way I wanted to ask
it in a like like because I'm very proud of our species I think obviously we have to be what are
we gonna root for giraffes or I will say I will say as someone who's been close to the the because
that I loved here in uh was it Beth last week um your your neighbor was it the week before but
I loved hearing her talk because I think that's what I was tweeting you too she was
so close to saying what I've been saying for years but every time I say it freaks people out
about what it's like when you're when you feel like you're gone from this plane you would
I'm very proud of humanity too because of I've seen what it's like to not be a part of it anymore
so you know when people when you have a bad day just trust me it's it's not as bad as you think
it is I promise you because there is unbelievable things we can all do it's I'm really proud of
the human race I just I get this I get disillusioned sometimes when I see the crappy things we do
but I'm 10 times I'm lifted 10 times higher when I see something amazing and positive we do the
potential energy is so it's gotten to the point where it's almost ludicrous that we haven't kind
of burst but unfortunately our species history would seem to indicate that it's going to get
you know it has to get worse before this like incredible like ray of light like shoots out
by necessity they were a species that is constantly you know we were the first 90% of our history
we're in gods crosshairs you know just surviving ice ages and and bears were not something that
you tucked your kids into bed with at night and dogs were not something that fetched your slippers
these were these were these were equally intelligent animals as far as we were concerned
they're like they had everything we had we didn't have an alphabet yet and they were like we were
competing for lunch with them and half the time being lunch and and the triumphs that we have
achieved in the face of that like we should be patting ourselves in the back now we're in this
most recent chapter where our species is going through this acne-ridden pubescent phase where
there's a violence this hormonal oily explosions all over us we've covered the earth we're choking it
um we're affecting it and we we're like we are we have gotten to the point we were absolutely
capable of turning everything around and the only thing standing in the way at this point
is just this reluctance to do it we're just we because we because how is it going to start
what what would anyone do how would you what who's going to be the Rosa Parks of an entire planet
who's going to who's going to stand under a under a bodhi tree this time and just go I'm not moving
until shit gets real uh like like I invite all of the it's a what and obviously that's a horrible
example that's not what it's going to take like that those are called hacky-sackers they're not
changing anything I like what what what what what can we do I mean the answer is we have to take on
this like crazy non-marketable like Spock mentality where we start going like okay we're going to do
this thing and it's like uh fuck it I don't know whatever like like like we're we're we're we're
very we're very we're very close but it's yeah well the thing is you have to it's like it's
probably I imagine for you like when you're writing there's a there's a technique you have to do where
you at when you get to a certain point in whatever store you're telling where you have to literally
break your brain to think in the shoes of that character or that person or whatever I think
there's a a point where we just have to teach each other that technique how to break your
brain and think differently even if it's just momentarily because I think you you you expand
that way you know like you you grow that way I mean that's all of us go through that when we go
through puberty like you said like at this stage we're in like 13 to 17 and and even past that I
mean I'm technically three years old you know I learned words three years ago I learned writing
three years ago and and walking three you know three years ago so it's like it's um you know
I'm constantly learning new things like there's sometimes people see something I tweet and they're
like oh that was kind of passive aggressive I'm like I just learned what that was I thought it was
aggressive yeah I'm like and easy yeah so it's uh you know I I'm constantly reconfiguring my brain
because I have to and I feel like uh that's what we should pass on it to other people is to get
them to do that because it's not a permanent thing you don't have to crack it like an egg and it's
done you know you could put it back together um you know it's almost like a transformer
in a in a yeah we all have to reference way we have to become triple changers exactly
before this planet uh uh becomes the first transformer movie and kills off Optimus Prime
and tries to replace it with Rodimus Prime what oh boy uh all right uh thank you Seek for coming
by I was uh happy to hear from you thank you sir all right
I don't know Jeff what's up what's on the what's on the list there there's some goodies on that
well we gotta I mean well one thing is like tonight I want a hundred percent commit to D&D
now tell me what you think that means like what to you 100 character immersion I've been listening
to and they're hey it's not a feral audio podcast but you gotta tip your hat to the to the enemy
sometimes uh but for those of you who are constantly redditing and tweeting and things about your uh
your dissatisfaction as D&D purists about the level of D&D craftsmanship going out of the stage
there are people out there that don't think we're playing this game properly there are a couple
people who not giving our all there are a couple people who are so enamored with our desire to
bring D&D into the into the mainstream here that they are then they then feel betrayed a little bit
I think by our sloppy drunken uh bad D&D playing and a lot of love they want to see us do better
they they believe we can do better oh go look yeah that's for those of us for those of you who'd
feel that way to the point where you wish you weren't listening uh to to to ours I will say I've
just started listening to Brian Posein's uh nerd poker podcast uh which is not in front of a live
audience it's literally just uh it's just Brian Posein and Blaine Capac and other friends uh
playing D&D for like an hour and a half in the comfort of their own home and they've been playing
for they were friends that started playing 20 years ago and they they're playing very very immersed
D&D and doing doing doing great at it having a good it's it's it's night and day from what we do here
the here's what I would say I want to get well that's Spencer actually Spencer come up let's
let's bring Spencer up and talk about it yeah
hello Spencer what what what's up you guys now Spencer okay let's let's now if Dan wants to talk
about getting serious about this because as you know Spencer and I think everyone that plays with me
now I've become overly immersed in D&D I've become very like like intensely involved and I love it
yeah but we play Pathfinder on Saturdays now with our private friendly group what we're playing
right now is what 3.5 D&D on stage yeah yeah now I don't have that core rulebook or the D&D book on
that one and so I've never taken my character sheet home so when I see my character sheet at the end
of every Harmontown I'm looking at stuff for the first time every week I don't know what I don't
know what half of my spells are or you know magical weapons do so like and I can't look them up so
maybe it's time for me to like email me a sheet I could look at it and I would come here more
prepared and ready to rumble yeah well that's fine we could do that right oh yeah so so again
remember the reason Jeff doesn't want to do Spencer for Halloween is because when when it got mentioned
Spencer reacted unenthusiastically right which is a great barometer to use for all decisions
hey Spencer should I fry an egg for breakfast tomorrow go for it or should I just kill myself
sure man so it's hard best to use your own compass he's a great guy but let's not chart our course
by I think Jeff did a great job of explaining kind of what my apprehensions are I don't like I think
it'd be fine if everyone did it but I think the negative like the con side of my head was thinking
kind of the same stuff I understand the potential social ramifications and discomfort of somebody
going like let's all dress like Tyler for Halloween and there's like a very fine line between that
and everyone going let's all do our impression of Toby you know like I we all are gonna get anxious
about that and and I would never like like I obviously volunteer myself to be the center of
attention and come what may I take the good with the bad other people you know it's like Spencer
likes coming up here but he didn't sign up for being crucified publicly but so I get all that but
I think I don't think a sea of people with beards from the Hollywood toy store is going to like
drive anyone to suicide or no me neither I think it won't but also if you're gonna dress up like
somebody for me because I'm a like a style junkie I would want to do it right and I think it'd be
hard to pull off a proper Spencer because beards and wigs are usually shitty unless you spend
zillions of dollars on them it would be very hard to pull off a proper Spencer beer so I think
what I'd be doing was a pale caricature which is doesn't do anybody any justice and it's like
why bother it's just this is just any frigate person now you're talking to a guy who went and
bought a wig a Tina Turner wig online and took it to my hairstylist sat down put it on and he cut
it and styled it to make my jerry's wig I mean I mean we uh we uh I cut and colored that motherfucker
and it looks but that's but anyways this is a this was not Spencer's idea about the dnd full
immersion nor was it my suggestion that we all do it or anything like that I was just making a
kind of new year's resolution if you will that I'm gonna try at least for tonight like I want to
really try to let's do it be immersed in my character I'm all for it I say I say we all really
just dive in I feel like it's something like wearing this pad around my neck which is you know
it's an all or nothing deal like like you know I'm leaving the house with it I'm like do I really
need to wear this to to the bathroom uh to the or to the gas station like like do you well the
answer is yeah you have to it's all or nothing you wear to the bathroom well I have to otherwise if
you don't wear it all the time then it's not there's not gonna you know if you can't there's no
way to go like I'm gonna wear this pad because I think I'm entering a situation where I'm gonna
think of something I might want to write down so obviously you I mean I'm assuming you take it off
to go to bed you take it off to go in the shower you're not wearing it for those things but you
do have to don't shower you what I don't shower so do you bath do you bathe still you take you
take your baths or no yeah a little more hesitant than last time I haven't been bathing like crazy
yeah you're in work mode now you're in Vietnam yeah you're gonna get like bad tattoos and stuff
like that yeah so you but you do remember in the morning it's by the bed by your keys and your phone
you put it on and you say okay this is it and Spencer make me a tinier one it was the i-harmon
nano it was like the size of like a fortune cookie kind of but I lost that one but again these are
cheap that's that's not you know I think you're a better person there's a there's a guy raising
his hand that we've never seen before I don't think I saw you last night you weren't wearing it
oh where were you I was at the UCB all right no I just look I this guy this guy a fellow in the
audience is saying I saw you last night you weren't wearing it at UCB and I promised Aaron in the
green room I wouldn't throw her to this pack of hungry people like this is gonna be I took it off
before I went to UCB because I she saw me wearing it getting ready to go to the UCB
and by her she she I'm trying as hard as I can to be fair to her she was being protective of me
and she was just flashing back to being the nerd that she was and like trying to protect me
knowing that I am a person that will leave the house with like my pants tucked into my socks
without knowing it like and with like a cat on my head like she often needs to save me from the
public and and she but she looked at the finger on my neck and she said you're gonna so you're
gonna wear that so the hole you're gonna wear that out so the UCB and everything huh and I was
like yeah and then like she's like you know what yeah no you're right you're right you're right
you're right and but it was the I put it in my pocket and then it fell out somewhere all right
I'm not a fraud sir that's right you're talking to my new friend Sandy and Amanda whom I met today
they are they're from out of town he's from New York are these the guys you were drinking with at
the drawing room yeah uh Sandy and Amanda he's from New York and Mary but you live in Cincinnati
right Amanda and he's moved for a job for Google into uh into New York and uh we were at the drawing
room and I was talking Tyler was there and we were talking and Sandy comes over and he goes uh
excuse me um I recognize your voice are you in a podcast and I go yeah and he goes I he listened to
all Harmontowns in three weeks which is oh yeah that's like 24 seven that's that's that's the time
it takes to listen to all the I yeah yeah that's like that's like uh I don't know like if you eat
like a bag of Cheetos every day for two weeks like something would happen to your liver super
super size me uh but uh so he was there spent I go wait if you know Harmontown then you probably
know Tyler he plays Camille's character indeed and then Andy Dick rolls and drunk as a Lord
and I got damn it and he was kissing cholos with tattoos oh no and and they're like Jeff do you
know you know Andy right he's 86 out of here right I go you work here I don't know if he's 86 or not
but he was kissing tough guys with Dodger jerseys on they have like like prison tattoos kissing him
on that he kissed one guy who you know to just to describe it to you quickly he looks like a cholo
you know like like a Latino you know like you know like a guy that could kill you a guy that might
know somebody that will kill you you know and he and he kisses him on the head as I saw Andy
didn't know he was drunk already he kisses his kind of head and the guy and the cholo guy goes
god damn it stop kissing me Andy Dick I went to the band there when I came back and I don't
know if it was Tyler or say Andy like somebody's like get Andy out of our booth I thought that was
yeah this would be a fun LA moment for you enjoy a little Andy Dick in your afternoon
here's something that doesn't happen in New York because he's 86 from most airlines
the icing comes off of that cupcake awful fast and so I left the plans they were like if you
look if you see Andy no more Andy like enough I go look I didn't bring him here I'm not his zoo
keeper you know like I love Andy but holy smokes when he's been drinking so I go out and I go to
my car and he's sitting in front of the time place in front of drawing the next drawing room
and he's there with two other guys who are once wearing like a jet's jersey one guy's wearing a
Patriots jersey like two not Andy Dick friends you know just two new pals and he gets up and
says Jeff we're going to your house I'm like we're not going to my stuff oh god damn it grab me
like we're going to your place right now I'm like Andy no I had to actually like shoot him away so I
feel like Sandy and Amanda we make good friends yeah the drawing is a mystical magical place yeah
all right well uh so what I get what the hell were we and Andy if you're listening I love you
deeply we're he goes I he goes Jeff I think he said that you guys he was like Jeff and I
are gonna get married and I go well except for you know the fact that it's not legal in California
and I'm straight and I'm not attracted to you and he goes oh there's a couple hurdles
he is fucking funny and then he goes I go I go to these guys I'm like he's friends of our friend
Dino Stamatovals and he from out of his black suit he's wearing in the middle of the day he produced
he produced a photo like like like a photo you that you get from like a photo mat like like when you
have your camera like a member film cameras they were back in the back in the 2000s and he produced
a photo he had just happened to have in that suit of him and Dino at 17 years old and it breaks your
heart I mean not because of anything except we're all old I mean like Dino's got photos on his fridge
of like him and Paul F. Tompkins and Jay and like it's like it's just Dino looks the same
actually yes he's aging pretty well he does I mean he was 17 then he was instantly 45 and
he's going to be that eternal Greek 45 year old he's just Zorba he's gonna be dancing on a thing
yeah we have to well speaking of the subreddit we have to you know I've invited people to make
requests and stuff because it's a place for people to congregate and and rehash the show and and have
a long vitriolic totally justified reactions to social consciousness unfolding on stage
uh but and so you know people want Dino up here and I mean I I could I could press a button as
most of you can and Andy Dick will be out here and I don't know what what what you know he's like
puck in the summer night's dream like it's just they're low key that's what he is he's low key
which Andy do you want up here do you want do you want you don't you don't get to ask that or
answer it that's that's why he's low key just you just you touch the tesseract and
all right so let's uh let's we get we go we get it let's uh Aaron out here let's play some deeply
immersed D&D all right Spencer to shake things up good night I want to play a new song for the D&D
opener and I think you'll roll with it just fine did you lose the old D&D music no I'm just wondering
no no I still have I've just been I've been shaking it up cool really quick Dan I hope you wear that
pad all the time we talked about this last night I immediately apologized you know and I had human
shit thrown at my head it was just a it was me it was my own I would never throw you into the
bus except that Sandy no no no it's like made me suddenly it's like I was like you're a fraud
you're lying you're a fraud and I was like no my girlfriend's a bad person
uh we all we all know that yeah I mean I have to say like if I were I mean as as your friend I
went to the you did two shows at UCB last night I saw the first and you're very good by the way
uh I just shut up it was great you were great um if you did walk out with that I would have been
a little like uh oh like like if I were your girlfriend I would have said that's right I mean
I perform at UCB it's like high school UCB feels like high school to me I think that's what I was
the thing that made me think twice about it was that it was a show about writers that's I didn't
want to yeah then that I was like walk out with a notepad around my neck also uh the artist that
I was mentioning earlier who only did one uh jizz sculpture is Takashi Murakami sorry sorry
sorry um I'm searching for a Japanese face and I don't see one but uh Takashi Murakami
is the name of the artist who's a great artist anyway that's all all right Spencer yeah he's
Spencer wean he's great uh should we should we bring someone up to play Chris de Burgh and uh you
know and then we have that we have to puzzle over whether we continue the Tyler Meritocracy or whether
we uh bring up special people I love Tyler but I'll leave it to you I mean we met your friend
Sandy and uh but but he's here as part of a couple and his uh his woman will be sitting there bummed
out why would she be bummed out oh she'll be torn from her lover so are you imagining me backstage
just weeping as I my face is pressed up against the glass the whole time I feel like I need to
ask a question only because he's sitting close to me you sir you're in the front row there's a
gentleman what's your name Andrew there's a guy in the front row with wheelchair wheelchair and some
big arm crutches uh can I can I ask you briefly or at length what what happened how'd you get it
what's going on give him a mic yeah well this isn't gonna reach all have to wait there's another one
that will reach it will reach all right oh yeah so can I use both yeah I like your style
I had a spinal cord injury um 10 11 years ago but I that's a long fucking story basically I had a
swelling on my spinal cord some doctors think it's something called trans just myelitis
it's like an autoimmune disease I don't really fucking know and um some doctors think it was
an injury from my head dick I have Tourette's so I've taken my head back like that but I've had
that tick since I was the kid and um so it was like kind of a gradual thing so we don't really
know I want what is your name Andrew Andrew is it theoretically possible that you could injure
yourself from from just like well it wasn't like a one-time thing like I've been doing it since I
was a kid but when at the time I had my injury I was doing it you know 10 to 15 times in a row but
a lot a lot you know more violently medication for the Tourette's I've been on pretty much every
medication for it and haven't really had anything um more you know and they wax and lean on their
own Andrew at risk of making Dan very jealous your shirt uh Andrew is wearing a shirt with
cats all over it cats I didn't know that there was like a like a like a specific image that would
turn me on on a man's shirt but that is the cat if I saw you like just in a room and I was single
I'd be like ah cat shirt how do I talk to cat shirt it's hard to resist cats he's so sensitive
oh he relates to me look at that shirt is it my imagination or did your her mic get turned
up by 10 her ovaries turned the mic off because at the risk of making my girlfriend jealous
he's kind of hot can you can you can you turn to the crowd and show everybody like it's a good
looking gentleman you told him to stand up I mean I don't know he stood up all right he's a good
looking guy this guy can be in a boy band no yeah he's good looking that's that's that's we don't
have to go on about that one you have glasses I'm so excited about Dan getting glasses I was in
an a cappella group in college and I got the glee all the time so I got the thing from glee all
the time you're losing her right now she's gone a base she's blushing she just I should I should
have watched less movies with her and fucked her more today I thought I was like I love pizza I love
Ryan Gosling what am I what's the what's the big deal maybe a little too this may be a little too
intimate but I think worth the joy of Jeff is going through Dan's I Herman chess notes at one
point today we're the today was this weekend was a great weekend and today was such a wonderful day
Dan and I love watching movies out he's trying to help me out Jeff just threw a cat Jeff threw a
cat on my eye Harmon pad so that I could compete with the cat man over here I'm going to cat man
Andrew I at one point today when we were watching movies I reached over and touched Dan stick and
it was like well no I hate to say go on go on watching Ryan Gosling ride a motorcycle down a
country highway is it supposed to be hard as steel I'm just talking about that action because we
had an agreement where I was like I mean we're in bed no let's just watch the other day but that
shirt anyways did you make it where's that shirt from easy Aaron put it back in your pants
urban outfitters yeah okay all right yeah not so cool now well it was annoying because I got it
and then like that day I had 10 people tell me that some dude on some that big brother show
was Andrew I've never seen it before all right so
11 years ago 2002 yeah that's 11 years ago right and you've been you've been you're not wheelchair
bound because no I stood up I use the crutches most of the time to get around it is your wheelchair
to get the best seat in the house that helps to I also did this my first time here so I didn't know
where I was parking where I was going and how much I needed to move around or how much space was in
here so I planned accordingly and brought both Andrew this is not a bed are you are you seeing
anyone I mean say it's a bit Aaron dance sitting right next to you still ladies
are you able to drive uh I drive with yeah I drive with hand controls oh it's kind of like a boat so
um I have a you know there's a thing in the middle of my car and you pull for gas and push or break
you're getting sexy and sexy yeah that is cool you know this car drives like a boat
when you have a car that drives like a boat at all times it's all Miami Vice soundtracks stuff going
on it's always cool call it's like I can feel it Stingray there was a show called Stingray in the
80s like everything anything directed by Michael Mann he's always been followed by a second unit
helicopter shooting him from from there Andrew has all of his keys in his laugh and I'm like what
are those keys for so many things are you looking at his lap what's going on well there's keys in it
she likes shiny things hey uh and dicks yeah I see you have a library card yeah what are you what are
you reading it's on it's all they not use it was a studying for a test I needed to take for my teacher
to go one test it's going to be section he teaches uh he teaches women's studies
I'm crying what do you teach what do you teach the art of the art of the clitoris yeah advanced
kind of lingus in history dream listening I'm finishing my credential credential elementary
school just because he likes to be around children just go let's go I mean who are we kidding here
yeah how about if I go over in the corner and create community
let's let's get some perspective here
he's adding another cat Jeff's adding another cat that can't mean that I'm doing well
uh it's got the it says ABC on it it's NBC you no no it's like the alphabet like you teach
cats learn whatever you teach well Andrew you're your first time visitor but are you a long time
listener are you uh I've actually I was looking at the just looking around for comedy spots and
oh you picked the show I said that sounds cool I'm gonna check that out have you ever have you
ever played have you ever played role playing games or a bit in a threesome
when we're we're two-thirds of the people we're willing are you ready to be uh fully immersed
I've actually never played Dungeons and Dragons or any of those games but
well I don't know how it's probably not that hard let's let's have Andrew play
uh all right Christopher Andrew will you join us I am just because uh
let's just go for it I know nothing about Dungeons and Dragons it's pretty easy I think
you'll find we know very little too yeah you're gonna receive sheets of paper with a bunch of
numbers and stats on them that that are will confuse uh and arouse you and uh but you'll
be playing a character called Christopher who's normally played by Kumail Manjiani frequently
by Tyler okay uh and you're right you're right he's a rogue human right yeah so you're kind of
like a thief and uh you know like you know you're good at like you know like stealing stuff and
snarky yeah and you have you'll see your list of weapons and stuff like that okay is there an
easy way to get to get you up on stage with us what what's the best yeah I can get out there
if you hold this get my crutches all right let's welcome Andrew to the stage everyone
also and this is such a weird part of Christopher's character
you're always commenting on how my character is really beautiful it's a weird quirk
Tyler just booed me I was kidding I was kidding you were not
wow Dustin Marshall is like like uh Dustin Marshall everybody
mine producer to the best fat guest all right we really I mean now we're learning all too late
this stage needs a ramp yeah we can all go to jail for you we are we are not being very uh I am
also going to fully immerse okay we're all going to fully immerse Andrew doesn't have to because he
doesn't I mean yeah he you can constantly ask what the hell am I doing okay I probably will yeah
yeah you're fine um but it's basically it's it's it's it's uh it's it's storytelling
Spencer's the dungeon master he's telling a story and we're all participants in it and it's sort of
like if we're in combat we'll all take turns and he'll ask you what you're doing and you're
going to look at your possessions list and you're going to make things out of them so like think of
how you can combine those don't listen to her Andrew no I'm just looking at this and if you'll
have everyone emotionally you'll be fine all right what what is what is this yellow sticky
and then don't worry don't worry about it don't worry about it just just ignore all okay these are your
weapons you can shoot a short mo a sap or a ribbon dagger okay this is a controversial topic such a
nice day and you can you can say that we had pizza in bed that's fine well yeah now the Jeff
hasn't had pizza in bed yeah no I've never I don't eat a lot in bed uh I don't I think Dan and I eat
more than you all right Spencer let's begin this shall we yeah Jeff just eats pussy
wrangling traveling down a road I just got a bench a woman who doesn't want to be with him
it's good feeling Spencer feeling it feeling it when last met our heroes had just laid low a mighty
snowflake deep within the dungeons of Admiral Darkstars black key after patching up their
wounds and ascending stairs they entered a large room with giant buttons on the walls
and a giant porcupine on the floor they began fighting they still are all right that's all
that happened yeah all right so the porcupine is still alive yeah we cut it up pretty good last
time yeah you were pretty far but email not quite yeah by the way someone someone on the subreddit
suggested you know announcing what are our hit points are at the uh at the beginning of each
session because I know I lose track yeah because I don't have a pencil up here when I play when I
play privately I'm able to keep track of my own hit points but yeah I don't know where I am I don't
know how close yeah I am you have a pen on your necklace shut up but I'm not gonna write on my
character sheet with a pen you write on your pad with a pen I know what do you like life coach
Adam Goldberg is just popping like popcorn tonight what does your hit points say right
for a month make Adam Goldberg their life coach like Tyler was raising his hands he's excited
about Grand Theft Auto and then Adam was like heckling Tyler that's when I got frustrated I was
like shut up you're both you like don't make me come back there you know like it was just like
this is out of hand what do you know what you're my favorite I'm saying but you're all my children
and you're like the collection of it was pissing me off like you're raising your hand like I want
to talk about Grand Theft Auto and then he's like let it go don't do any more and you're like
he's throwing peas at me and like I'm like I'm taking you both on a grand canyon I'm like
I'm gonna throw you in Dan total immersion in your character
no tangents maybe as our characters we should say how we're feeling
just to immerse all right I'm Christopher Andrew yeah I as a gnome barbarian and still in a fight
with a giant porcupine monster I'm feeling like we should still continue to kick this porcupine
monster's ass and move forward yeah porcupine monster all right what's going on I'll put
it at Jeff's turn I take out my my flaming sword and attack the uh straight at his uh at his neck
attacking straight at his neck with your flaming sword your strike connects with his necks
the burning sword cuts into his flesh and goes about a foot and a half deep it severs pretty
heftily I'd say dealing 17 damage yeah um you see blood kind of pour out of his throat and he falls
down on the floor you see Andrew it's that easy it's that easy so are we are we just going after
the porcupines well he's dead now we got him yeah okay so now it's just but now there are I think
there are there's still some big weird stone buttons on the walls yeah so before you you see a door
it's a big orange door on either side of this door you see three large round buttons there
probably each about four feet wide circular buttons on this wall there's also a hole in the
ceiling from which comes a long copper pendulum it's just hanging down there it's it's in front
of the buttons or where is it in relationship to them it's in front of the door so it's kind of like
in the direct middle of this room can it reach the buttons if you were to hit it if you were to
hit the pendulum you could hit the pendulum or you could hit the buttons but what if you hit the
pendulum would it's could it swing and hit a button um I mean it would probably go too high
I guess Andrew he's he's immersed he's good I just I'm glad I was here the day that Aaron
fell in love with a new person I mean I just wanted to be happy I go up and examine the buttons
to see if there's any markings or runes or anything upon them they're not they're just rather slick
shiny buttons hmm well there's four of us and there's four buttons there's six buttons there's
oops there's six of us yeah there's four of us and six buttons all right there's a door there's
four buttons there's six buttons there's six buttons anybody in the crowd have any three on
either side of the door uh yeah uh you have eight hands Sandy what were you gonna say I was gonna
mimic Adam Goldberg but I mean you've got to push the buttons well we have yeah okay okay I tear
apart my sack and I I tie it using my tie use my rope to tie it to my water skins and create a
shield in front of the buttons so we can stand behind this water skin bedroll shield I'm just
gonna touch the push the left the leftmost button and see what happens but I'm but I'm standing behind
that shield just in case your shield what is it it's like a fort like a living room fort
two water skins does not make a fort a fort's not a shield it doesn't make a shield either
I love you Spencer you have rope I think why would you rip up a sack to tie stuff with
it well the rope is stringing it out like like beef jerky you form a shield
okay you sold me you sold me don't bring you into this beef jerky bill uh right okay sorry
no okay so you're holding this out these two water skins yeah you're just I'm immersed in
my character you're the character of a homeless person that thinks that the government's trying
to read their mind I tell everybody about my protect me I go up and examine the pendulum
is there anything on the pendulum how's it attached to the ceiling it goes up into this
hole in the ceiling it's a rather big hole maybe about can you six feet around can you see
what's if you look up can you see what's outside of the hole blackness but we know it's a hole
quarter crystal burger goes up like a black hole okay maybe crawl up that that that that rope
the since the hole's big enough that you could find out what's up there I want to I want to
try to press the leftmost button I'm gonna stand back while you do that because I'm afraid I stand
behind my shield I look at your shield and go wow you press the leftmost button and you hear a
rumbling sound from overhead oops I say sorry shouldn't have had that whatever we had this is
your full character immersive yeah I'm looking forward to that starting by the way all right
shit what's that rumbling there we go yeah so you look up to see lava pouring out of this hole
in the ceiling it's getting hot in here yeah are you doing lava sound yeah I think I'd be better
just doing sound effects all right can I follow your heart you're a songwriter you wrote the lady
in red the wonder of the 80s so lava's coming down around the pendulum yeah pours down this hole
not around the pendulum but from that same hole and it pours down and starts to pool it's pulling
up around the floor whoops move away from it okay can I I see that I have a new tree token
where are we getting these skills that we're looking at that where we're getting these uh
oh I didn't look at this other paper I pressed I pressed the second leftmost button okay so
none of you want to like move out of the lava floor because I said you'd have to and then no
respond I've I've repositioned as far away from the lava as I can't perfect I also I I pack up my
shield I also do but wait I have a climbing kit that's true can we climb the pendulum um you can
try yeah yeah let's climb that and see what's up there all right so you you try to scramble up this
pendulum and as you pull it you feel it it kind of gives like it goes chunk and falls down a little
bit and um as it falls down a little bit you hear another rumbling sound coming from this hole and
it also sounds like the grinding of metal plates um yeah it sounds ominous is there lava near the
buttons can we get to the button safely without being in lava at this point you guys are on one
side like you're between the lava and the buttons so like if the how fast is the lava moving towards
us it's not moving towards you anymore because you moved out of the way in fact it's starting to
drain down this drain in the floor so I guess you guys moved out of the way I hop over the lava
well you already okay so but I'm already close to the yeah if you want to go to the other side
but you're already okay all right I hit another button okay well I put let's keep track of it
did I hit the second button not yet I was still doing is climbing so the grinding sound continues
and then um you hear a chunk chunk chunk like um falling boulders coming from above above this hole
and you're still dangling on this essentially a rope under this hole look out yeah I have another
question I don't know if this could help us sure I it says I'm an escape artist can we escape from
here I don't know I don't know if that's you know do you have do you have disabled device
under skills yeah yeah could he could he try to disable the vice or use perception on the door
and figure out how to how to open it yeah I mean definitely let's uh disable the device then okay
so you get off this pendulum thing to go over to the door which is the device you're disabling
I'm assuming um so so you go over to this door and you're checking it out and this grinding
continues and then a giant giant block of ice crashes down where this pendulum was from the hole
in the ceiling oh weird I'm immersed I'm immersed you don't you you don't find a way to uh unlock
this door however so did he was that was that a trap that was meant to kill somebody I've been
beneath it or what all I'm saying is that he pulled on this thing and then a giant cube of ice fell
down push the button pull the chain you will experience an icy rain I pressed the third button
if a chocolate choo choo train comes out we'll know that Spencer writes us uh during the show
I mean yeah well as you press the button you hear uh it sounds like a squelching sound and
thick black tar oozes from this hole in the ceiling
chocolate choo choo train
I mean it's all it sounds like a chocolate choo choo train we've got to figure out how to fill
this room with milk and lemonade we're gonna die is there something we could tie an 150 foot rope
to and climb out or you can try and climb up out of that hole in the ceiling but you wouldn't need
the rope oh let's not use the rope okay so one button made lava one button made ice one button
made black tar there's one button left one of these is gonna be there's three left there's three
more there's gonna be milk lemonade it's milk oh milk lemonade and out of the hole fudges made
okay I go push one of the other fourth fourth button fourth button fourth button
um yeah you just hear a bubbling sound and purple mist pours into the room out of the ceiling
hole positive purple mist he seemed a little bummed out yeah yeah I mean it's not as negative
as it could have been cool party atmosphere or is it is it scary is it making us feel good purple
mist or no it's like it's like definitely caustic and burning your throat and tearing out your eyes
and uh okay so it's bad purple mist yeah not the kind of purple mist one thing's for sure I'm
pushing all these buttons before we die I'm not going to go to my my death going like what about
the six button we gotta figure it out what do you think the point of the pendulum is this pendulum
is here I'm immersed in my character that has oh shit I have 19 intelligence yeah use it I guess
I would have been smarter than I know I just saw that I have nine but you know my 19 I just
try just just for just because I'm curious I swing I swing the pendulum to see what happens if I move
the pendulum from side to side you push the pendulum and it kind of goes a little bit before
coming back to equilibrium and stopping but then the grinding noise starts and you see another
chunk of ice fall through the ceiling it's a big block cube of ice and it's chunk and we've
climbed that ice out of here yeah like the ice and the lava got something to do with each other
well how does that is the ice hitting the lava landing in lava well at this point all the lava
is drained out there's sticky tar covering the floor but uh and the first button made lava come down
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna push another button which one the fifth button the fifth button
you push the fifth button and a steady stream of fizzling brown fluid comes from the whole
not even right around the corner fudges yeah well I mean but like root beer yeah
yeah fizzling brown liquid comes out yeah and what's it what's it what's its properties what's it
I don't know is it hot is it cold do you want to interact with it as a character
we want to smell it you smell it and you smell 23 cents
street value no no like different different sense oh sharpie should be a small year
uh I I take I take my pinky finger and I I put it in the brown fizzling liquid
it's a bit tingling on your finger like good tingling yeah yeah like friendly oh I jump on it
I roll around with it I laugh I laugh it's delight I put my finger in and I taste it
it tastes like the 23 flavors of dr pepper that's right dr pepper now comes in diet
wait a minute the fifth button dispenses dr pepper okay I said I'd immerse myself in character but
not when I smell a paola scandal happening and Spencer who have you been talking to and what
shouldn't you try to pull when you need to get out of life's dungeon crack open a dr pepper
all right we have not been paying the dungeon master
just making deals out of the table have you been approached by corporate sponsorship
no no it just became a funny detour oh god I I I take off my shirt and and while I take it off
I imagine that I'm a sexy construction worker and there's girls going by like in the diet
dr pepper commercial that I happen I and I have a nice refreshing goblets of of dr pepper I press
the six button more more sticky black tar pours out is it so the ceiling okay all right is it
coke no it's like a it's like a sticky black tar all right I jump on the pendulum grab the
grab the rope and then jump off and see if an ice block falls down a third ice block falls down
on top of the other one yeah are they stacking up can we no because okay so like the one hit it
I should explain this at the time what am I thinking the first one hit it off center and
the toppled and it kind of slid apart and then the third one went between them so now there's
kind of like three ice blocks on roughly even floor I try to climb out of the hole the hole in
the ceiling it's about 30 feet higher than standing on top of one of those ice how tall are the ice
blocks the ice blocks are about seven feet tall audience anybody have any ideas oh yeah
a young lady shouted out fill the room with dr pepper and float on the ice cubes up to the same
and also float on the on the taste sensation of 23 natural natural flavors I go to the fifth button
and I and I push my back against it to push up more dr pepper comes I keep on I jump on the pendulum
and keep yanking for more ice ice and dr pepper fill the room with a delicious reflection a
refreshing refreshing refreshing it it refreshes you guys all right fills up the room it's it's
going towards the top all right the ice cubes are floating I these things that we that have happened
to us yeah it's been quite a day uh are we are we floating up now like I mean that depends on
what you're doing when this room is being filled up with dr pepper I'm treading I'm not a witch I
float oh no I am a witch I float which is flow regular people sink I have 11 swim skill like
point sort uh ranks and the fizzy effervescence also aids buoyance that's what I'm gonna ask
absolutely I was gonna ask and also could you know you know and Charlie in the chocolate factory
when he when he when he in the the the fizzy listing drink yeah can we do something like that
somehow like if we drink a lot of the dr pepper can we that's not gonna help yeah without the
regret at the end there's no fan at the time I'm just getting under the hole and treading water and
I keep yanking on the the chain and making ice come ice fill up yeah so I mean it goes up to
the top and you got a bunch of ice and I got this slippery floating floor and you think that you
might be able to scramble up into this hole that you guys were working towards I try to scramble
me too you take my hand you scramble up out of the hole
23 flavors of helpful
okay I can't look at you right now
but yeah so you get out of this area and you find yourself in a in a great black hall the walls are
all iron and there's a four doors one of them leads up a staircase that goes up what looks like
maybe a tower a spire sort of thing I look back at the group and I say you guys I don't know what
dr pepper is but it really was a pick me up or literally picked us up to the hole can you not
look at him either or I I'm looking at everybody and I'm searching in their eyes for an ending to
okay so
Andrew's just scouring over these three pages of pencil scrawls Andrew Kumail Nanjiani
comes back to regain his character probably next week you want to leave some sort of mark on his
existence on his character so like you can you just make up shit yeah it's all whatever you want to
do I mean don't don't don't I don't want to fuck him up too don't fuck him up but you can leave your
mark you can you know is he a guy I've never I've never met this guy do I want to like
he's a nice guy he's a very nice person I'm a nice guy too so um I mean but you can leave
some sort of legacy on his character but when he returns can I can't like give him any abilities
though it's just like you can she's like give him a cat shirt like maybe like yeah
yeah you can give him no not can I give him my lives
that you'd have to roll pretty high for that that was something something aesthetic Tyler is
suggesting who's played Camille's character who wants you to shave off one of his eyebrows for
some reason which that seems to catch how about how about how about take your sword and like
shave vanilla ice stripes in one of your eyebrows yeah like give him sexy vanilla ice
eyebrows can we carve we make him a cat and then carve the name not carve that's horrible
shave the name into uh shave his name into the cat's fur you can't you you don't have the magical
power to make him into a cat oh I with my water skin that I have left I I burn into the water
skin pictures of cats and I and I make it into a t-shirt and it'll be a shield from thirst
oh I I'll uh I'll put on that shirt that's helping Spencer how have you been enjoying being my
assistant I felt so bad about Friday I felt like I was doing a terrible terrible job but I love it
I'm so thankful what happened what did you run on Friday I just felt that I wasn't there for you Dan
what do you mean what I don't understand I just on Saturday on Saturday we were hanging out socially
at a restaurant that we like to go to and Dan texted Dan went home before us because he he had to
get ready before a show and and texted me I'm sorry I don't have my keys and I said that out loud to
Spencer and Dustin and uh and Jeff and his girlfriend and Spencer took off running to the house
because we were then walking distance but Spencer running with his hands in his pockets I wasn't
wearing a belt what I wasn't wearing a belt oh Dustin I were watching you you want we were
watching you run and admiring you for just take you just took off to give him because
Spencer has keys to the house I like to think that when I when I die that Spencer will will
curl up on my grave I guess this is what I have to do this happened never specifically told me I
was off work guys let's create even if we have to shoehorn it in let's create a dnd cliffhanger
here so I examine the surroundings what are we looking at right now you're looking at a room
I jump into the room you jump into the room I come out of the closet
we'll find out what happens is the aftermath of that next time cliffhanger
thank you everybody for coming to Harmontown thank you very much Andrew for joining us
thank you Seek as always Sandy and Amanda thank you for coming have a safe trip back home
I'm Flo Burke for being diligent and assistant Erin McGathy and Spencer Crittenden and as well
I'm Jeff Davis your counselor one more time for your mayor Dan Harmon
Good night. Bon voyage and bonne chance. We love you all.